[Music]
what is up YouTube its new girl Evelyn
and we are officially less than one
month away from the season three
premiere of killing Eve which means it's
time to make predictions so sit back and
enjoy the video and don't forget to add
your own predictions in the comments and
as always there will be potential
spoilers so proceed with caution what if
the 12 are the good guys well kind of
obviously the 12 are a murderous
organization possibly bent on causing
worldwide anarchy so it might be a bit
of a stretch to call them the good guys
but I don't know if they're as bad as
we've been led to believe by Carolyn and
mi6 many of villanelles targets were
either
bad people like mafioso Caesar and sex
trafficking politician Victor Kendra
or they were people in powerful
positions and likely involved in illegal
shenanigans like perfume mogul Carla
demand or military hacker jang-woo I get
the feeling the 12 operates on the maxim
of we must first break it in order to
fix it in season three I believe we'll
finally get a glimpse inside of the 12
meet our first keeper and find out that
maybe they're not as bad as we think or
at least not as bad as mi6 to be fair I
have absolutely no basis for this
prediction whatsoever but if Kenny was
murdered and it was somehow Eve's fault
I just think it would make for great
television Eve treated Kenny like dirt
throughout all of season 2 yet he
remained more loyal to her minute kicked
puppy and to be honest Kenny's not a
super necessary character not to mention
there hasn't been a real gut wrenching
death since Bill's untimely demise in
season 1
we along with Eve take Kenny for granted
so imagine everyone shocked if they
killed Kenny off in the first episode of
season 3 I think it's fair to say that
even mi6 have officially parted ways
after Carolyn's season two deception was
revealed
Eve is outraged and disillusioned and I
have a feeling that the twelve has not
only taken notice but may recruit the
jobless Eve to work for them and while I
don't think Eve will become villanelles
replacement at least not yet I do
believe it's the first step in Eve's
journey to becoming her obsession a
killer the last time we saw Nico he just
awakened inside of his storage unit
would be very dead Gemma who'd been
killed by villanelle my prediction for
Nico is that mi6 will let him take the
fall for Gemma's murder
remember villanelle was working for mi6
at the time she killed Gemma and mi6 is
all about making sure there's no paper
trail linking them to villain L or Eve
not to mention the Secret Intelligence
Service is not above wiping security
footage if it suits their purpose
without mi6 to back up Nikko story about
a crazy assassin obsessed with his wife
the circumstances look very suspicious
and very bad for Nico
I won't go too in depth about this
prediction because I'm working on a more
detailed Eve and villanelle relationship
video so make sure to subscribe so
you'll be notified when that video drops
as much as I would love to see these two
Psychopaths get it on I don't think it
will be happening anytime soon or at
least this season
I predict villanelle will try to
unsuccessfully replace Eve with another
luscious haired woman and Eve will
strike out on her own or as an operative
of the twelve while battling against her
violent tendencies as they become harder
and harder to control I also predict
their first meeting this season won't
occur until the last few episodes and
although I don't foresee a psycho booty
call I wouldn't be surprised if the to
share a bloody kiss and those are all of
my season 3 predictions tell me what do
you guys think will happen this season
let me know in the comments as always
thank you so much for watching and if
you liked this video please do me a
favor and give it a thumbs up I'll see
you guys next week